So now let's talk about AWS Firewall Manager.
So it's a service that's very simple.
It allows you to manage all the security rules
in all the accounts of your AWS Organization
in a central place.
So from an exam perspective, you're going
to usually get the question on VPC Security Groups.
So if you see a question
around managing your VPC Security Groups
across multiple accounts in an organization,
think no more than the AWS Firewall Manager.
Now, I want to tell you a bit more about it.
So on top of managing VPC Security Groups,
you can also manage WAF rules, AWS Shield Advanced rules,
as well as AWS Network Firewall and their other services.
But from an exam perspective,
I think the most important one
is going to be the Security Groups.
Now, whenever you apply these rules in Firewall Manager,
they're going to be applied
to all the current and future accounts
and for all the resources
as they are being created in these accounts,
really allowing you to have the certainty
that the rules are managed
across all accounts at any point of time.
All right, so that's it.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.